# Salma-Land-Code

Introducion to the story and how to function the code (Welcome to Salma Land!/Instructions):

  Good evening Ms. Sachdeva, and welcome to Salma Land! On this splendid little island just off the coast of Vancouver with a population of 200, we see 2 beautiful buildings standing on either side. In between them, we have a little red house in which the head of the village lives in. As a citizen of this island, I can guarantee you that we constantly see planes flying overhead. This year, we are organizing a group of environmental leaders so that we can help plant more trees for our lonely tree.
  Heading into this island, there is a huge flag to let you know that you have entered Salma Land. In the picture, there is a man named Bob. This evening, I got a quick quote from Bob to explain how awesome our village is. "Indeed, it is an awesome village. If you love the peace and quiet instead of the hustle and bustle, then this is definitely the place to come to!" -says Bob. As you can see, Salma Land is the best place to be!
  To function with this code, open the code image to a bigger screen so that you may see it in full display. Of course, it never stays daytime for long. Press the mouse button to make it nighttime. As you press the mouse button, the sun will go down and behind the building, revealing the moon. As well, the background color will change from light blue to a purple color, revealing the darkness. Obviously, when it is dark, we need lights. To turn on the lights in the buildings, simply press the 'up arrow' to turn on the lights. When you let go of the arrow, the lights will turn off. Thank you for visiting Salma Land! Our citizens truly hope you enjoyed it, and we hope you may come back soon.


The motive/idea of the code (why I chose to make this code):

Hello! For this code, I honestly had no real objective or plan as to what I was going to do. I simply went with the flow of my ideas. I created a simple land area called "Salma Land". In this land, there are two buildings. When the 'up' arrow is clicked, their lights turn on! I created a tree as well because the environment is always important to me, even in my imagination. I love travelling, and since this is my land and I can do whatever I want, I decided to make an airplane to make it fun. I created a small and simple house with a man standing next to it behind a road. (The man kind of looks like my little cousin!). Lastly, when the mouse is clicked, the background color gets darker showcasing that it is becoming night time. At the same time, when the mouse is being clicked, the sun moves down and behind the building, revealing a moon for the dark night!
